The key terms and definitions are as follows.
Phrase: Multiple word units 

Grammar: The rules by which words change their forms, including the use of word classes and grammatical morphology in English. Word  classes include prepositions, pronouns, nouns, verbs, etc… Grammatical morphology includes third person, plural, possessive, etc… 

Syntax: Structuring sentences according to syntactic rules related to coordinating clauses, developing syntactic phrases (noun, verb,  preposition phrases), phrasal and clausal dependency, and transformations such as passives, relative clauses, and negations. 

Cohesive device: Cohesive devices are used as links between two or more items (e.g., words, phrases, clauses) in a text to enhance text  cohesion. These include the use of conjunctions (and, but, if, on the other hand), transitions (first, next, finally, for example), repetition of  words, phrases, and ideas across sentences and paragraphs, and the use of anaphor (pronouns replacing nouns). 

Simple, complex, and compound sentences 
 -Simple: Independent clause 
 -Complex: Independent and dependent clauses 
 -Compound: Two of more independent clauses 

Chunks: Multiple words that combine to have a single meaning. Often memorized without knowing what the individual words mean (e.g., “How are you” for “Hello”) 

Lexical bundles: Multiple word units that are common in English but are not idiomatic (“There is”). More common than collocations Collocations: Two or more words that are often used together (e.g., save time, go to bed, fast food) 

Idioms: multi-word unit where meaning not deducible from those of the individual words (kick the bucket, rain cats and dogs)

The rubric for scoring overall quality of given essay is as follows.

Score 5: Text organization consistently well controlled using a variety of effective  linguistic features such  as reference and 
transitional words and  phrases to connect ideas across sentences and  paragraphs; appropriate  overlap of ideas.

Score 4: Organization generally  well controlled; a range  of cohesive devices  used appropriately such  as reference and transitional words and  phrases to connect  
ideas; generally appropriate overlap of ideas.

Score 3: Organization generally  controlled; cohesive  devices used but limited  in type; Some repetitive, mechanical, 
or faulty use of cohesion use within  and/or between sentences and paragraphs.

Score 2: Organization only partially developed with  a lack of logical sequencing of ideas; some basic cohesive  devices used but with  inaccuracy or repetition. 

Score 1: No clear control of  organization; cohesive  devices not present or  unsuccessfully used;  presentation of ideas unclear.






