The key terms and definitions are as follows.
Phrase: Multiple word units 

Grammar: The rules by which words change their forms, including the use of word classes and grammatical morphology in English. Word  classes include prepositions, pronouns, nouns, verbs, etc… Grammatical morphology includes third person, plural, possessive, etc… 

Syntax: Structuring sentences according to syntactic rules related to coordinating clauses, developing syntactic phrases (noun, verb,  preposition phrases), phrasal and clausal dependency, and transformations such as passives, relative clauses, and negations. 

Cohesive device: Cohesive devices are used as links between two or more items (e.g., words, phrases, clauses) in a text to enhance text  cohesion. These include the use of conjunctions (and, but, if, on the other hand), transitions (first, next, finally, for example), repetition of  words, phrases, and ideas across sentences and paragraphs, and the use of anaphor (pronouns replacing nouns). 

Simple, complex, and compound sentences 
 -Simple: Independent clause 
 -Complex: Independent and dependent clauses 
 -Compound: Two of more independent clauses 

Chunks: Multiple words that combine to have a single meaning. Often memorized without knowing what the individual words mean (e.g., “How are you” for “Hello”) 

Lexical bundles: Multiple word units that are common in English but are not idiomatic (“There is”). More common than collocations Collocations: Two or more words that are often used together (e.g., save time, go to bed, fast food) 

Idioms: multi-word unit where meaning not deducible from those of the individual words (kick the bucket, rain cats and dogs)

The rubric for scoring overall quality of given essay is as follows.

Score 5: Flexible and effective use of a variety of phrases, such as idioms, collocations, and  lexical bundles, to convey precise and subtle meanings; rare minor inaccuracies that are  negligible.

Score 4: Appropriate use of a variety of phrases, such as idioms, collocations, and lexical bundles; occasional inaccuracies and  colloquialisms. 

Score 3: Evident use of phrases such as idioms, collocations, and lexical bundles but without much variety; some noticeable repetitions and misuses. 

Score 2: Narrow range of  phrases, such as collocations and lexical bundles, used to convey basic and elementary meaning; many repetitions and /or misuses of phrases. 

Score 1: Memorized chunks of language, or simple phrasal patterns predominate; many repetitions and misuses of phrases.






